docs: Add a note about extractNativeLibs usage (#2218)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/index.mdx

sentry-cli login
sentry-cli upload-dif -o {YOUR ORGANISATION} -p {PROJECT} build/intermediates/merged_native_libs/{buildVariant}
```

> Due to current limitations in how `sentry-native` works, it cannot yet identify native libraries loaded directly from `.apk` files.

Reviewer: I'd still move the whole section right after the title `Integrating the NDK`

this should be the first step to be read.

> This functionality is [enabled by default](https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/gradle-plugin#extractNativeLibs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality is [disabled by default](https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/gradle-plugin#extractNativeLibs)
```

> when using a recent Android Gradle Plugin, and needs to be disabled with the following configuration option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when using the Android Gradle Plugin >= v3.6.0, and it needs to be enabled with the following configuration option (AndroidManifest.xml):
```
